VYTruck possible interview querstions

1-there are three different role in the project
2-truck driver, sale manager, store manager
3-I worked on truck driver role as a manualy/ automatioanal tester
4-I worked on fleet module on vehicle odometer section
5-I am a manual tester and sometime I am helping to autometer tester
6-explain your responsibilities on the project  with a few sentences briefly

Q= are you only 1 story 1 sprint?

when they ask project
there are 4 modules, project name 
give them what they ask, no more information.

fleet management


give them
how many modules do you have?
how many modules changes on your project?
how many journeys do you have?

basic questions
your project
your responsibility

technical interviewer
technical questions
mostly developer

they are trying to find good team member

daily activities
dont talk about tomorrow
only share them i will do this test case today
i worked on this ticket
yesterday-today

you are working on VYTruck project remotly when do you doing your meetinh?
we are starting at 9 am, on 2 pm we are joining to stand up meeting
they are joining daily standup meeting at 2pm USA time.

work from home experiences
you are working an that project and you are learning
we are getting experiences
i am working between 9-5, I am attending daily meeting and sprint meeting
we are attending standup meeting and sprint meeting at 2 pm UK time
they want to some demo from team
we have some tea break group
it is comfortable but less decipline
slack team and microsoft team
smoke testing everyday, jenkins gives a report, i've created my test scripts, jenkins outomaticly runs tests and gives us a report

recruiters are blockers

as a tester our responsibilities at work:

- first of all my main responsibility is automate the test and trying the de find bug or defect

- I automate test cases. Once I automate test cases, I schedule some of them for a daily smoke test to be repeated as much as needed. The smoke test will then send its report to me and my team.
- writing bug reports, attending the meetings,
- if i have a some issue firstly I talk with scrum master
- - we are NOT response to create a user story and AC
- we need to help each other in team

+ main response is writing the automation script
+ also connect to automation scripts to jenkins
+ try find a way and make a connection
+ learn scripts connect to the jenkins
+ work on ticket
+ if you find a bug and create a bug ticket and prove it with SS
+ you will learn application which you are working on it
+ bussinies lojic
+ write your automation test plan and test cases
+ we are testing only fiunctionalities not test
+ regression test, smokeing test, 
+ release
+ when you are working with other tester - push your code to other tester for check your codes
+ someone checking your code
+ they are not editing your code only they comment and suggest to you
+ test case test plan
+ sometimes help to manuel tester
+ jira
+ jenkins
+ automation 
+ meetings
+ sign off - before the release - you are writing an excel sheet:
 we run 200 test case, 200 pass, 200 automated, is there any bug , 1 bug, 1 bug failed with ticket number, 
















